---
title: CV
permalink: /cv/
---

 [PDF](/cv.pdf) | [Markdown](/cv.md.txt)

<h1 id="andrew-chin">Andrew Chin</h1><h2 id="contact">Contact</h2><p>Email: <a target="_blank" href="mailto:hello@ac.id.au">hello@ac.id.au</a><br>
LinkedIn: <a target="_blank" href="https://linkedin.com/in/acidau">https://linkedin.com/in/acidau</a></p><h2 id="current-roles">Current roles</h2><h3 id="department-of-customer-service"><a target="_blank" href="https://www.nsw.gov.au/customer-service">Department of Customer Service</a></h3><p><strong>Graduate</strong> (commencing Feb 2022)</p><ul><li>Primary stream graduate completing the NSW Government Graduate Program.</li></ul><h3 id="smash-inc"><a target="_blank" href="https://smash.org.au">SMASH Inc</a></h3><p>Registered not-for-profit cultural association delivering the SMASH! Sydney Manga and Anime Show, an annual Japanese pop culture convention with 22,000+ attendees over 2 days.</p><p><strong>Board director</strong> (Jul 2021 - current)</p><ul><li>Collaborated with board and management in deploying plans to postpone and reschedule the 2021 flagship event, in light of public health orders.</li></ul><h3 id="department-of-communities-and-justice"><a target="_blank" href="https://jp.nsw.gov.au">Department of Communities and Justice</a></h3><p><strong>Justice of the Peace (JP)</strong> (Nov 2016 - current)</p><p>Active community volunteer role in certifications and witnessing declarations, affidavits and legal documents for use in New South Wales and Australia.</p><ul><li>Regular JP with council library, and relief JP at community and local court desks. Member of the NSW Justices Association.</li></ul><h2 id="past-experience">Past experience</h2><h3 id="matrix-education"><a target="_blank" href="https://matrix.edu.au">Matrix Education</a></h3><p><strong>Customer Service Representative</strong> (Jan 2018 – Jan 2022)</p><p>First point of contact for students, parents and teachers at established tuition college with over 6000 student enrolments across 5 campuses.</p><ul><li>Handling enquiries across the enrolment lifecycle by phone, email, Intercom live chat, and in person. This includes general academic advice, enrolments and timetabling, troubleshooting online systems, booking consultations, and processing payments.</li><li>Day-to-day management of reception, classrooms and office space.</li><li>Maintaining accurate interaction records and preparing complex cases for escalation.</li><li>Assisting with order fulfilment and shipping of student learning resources.</li></ul><h4 id="projects-and-higher-duties">Projects and higher duties</h4><ul><li>Compared and evaluated solutions for a new learning management system (LMS), accounting for user needs, leading to one being selected for deployment in Q4 2021.</li><li>Assisted with video production editing and workflow for new Matrix+ On Demand service, working with tight deadlines and a high attention to detail.</li></ul><h3 id="lifeline-macarthur-and-western-sydney"><a target="_blank" href="https://www.lifelinemacarthur.org.au/">Lifeline Macarthur and Western Sydney</a></h3><p><strong>Accredited Telephone Crisis Supporter</strong> (Jun 2020 – Dec 2021)</p><p>Provided non-judgmental support to callers across Australia in crisis and at risk of suicide.</p><ul><li>Completed professional development in client-centred crisis support and applying Lifeline’s care framework.</li><li>Formerly part of the overnight crisis support team. Selection for this team is for crisis supporters highly competent in the skillset, who can apply flexibility in assisting callers in a wide range of crisis scenarios.</li></ul><h3 id="smash-inc-1"><a target="_blank" href="https://smash.org.au">SMASH Inc</a></h3><p><strong>Board director</strong> (Sep 2018 – Sep 2019)<br><strong>Chairperson</strong> (Oct 2016 – Oct 2017)<br><strong>Information and enquiries co-ordinator</strong> (Mar 2016 – Sep 2017)<br><strong>Board director</strong> (Oct 2014 – Sep 2015)<br><strong>Ticketing director / co-ordinator</strong> (Jan 2013 – Sep 2014)</p><h4 id="governance">Governance</h4><ul><li>Advised management and senior staff in capacity as chairperson and board director.</li><li>Developed organisation strategy documents, and consolidated and communicated organisation goals for 2017 - 2020 in consultation with staff and the wider community.</li><li>Assisted board in conducting an organisation “health check” and auditing procedures, leading to actionable points for improving the coordination and running of departments.</li><li>Researched, reviewed and endorsed grant applications to government bodies.</li><li>Increased awareness within our 150+ volunteer staff of the association’s social purpose.</li></ul><h4 id="compliance">Compliance</h4><ul><li>Updated and promoted robust incident reporting procedures for volunteers, staff and visitors, as well as being the main liaison for such reports. This led to a significant increase in the quality and number of reports made, and led to decisive actions taken to reduce harassment and prevent hazards at future events.</li><li>Led initiatives towards becoming a child-safe organisation, including establishing Working With Children Checks (WWCC), positive identification of staff members, and establishing incident reporting throughout the year.</li><li>Advised on business and NFP compliance, particularly with ACNC and NSW Fair Trading.</li></ul><h4 id="innovation">Innovation</h4><ul><li>Deployed high-speed contactless (EMV) payments in 2014 for faster ticket booth sales.</li><li>Kickstarted Access and Inclusion initiatives by compiling consistent accessibility information for attendees. Affiliated with the NSW Companion Card program to improve access for attendees with lifelong disabilities and their carers.</li><li>Developed internal Infopack and communications plan for consistent reporting and procedures across new venue at Rosehill Gardens.</li><li>Established Long Service and Distinguished Service awards for volunteers.</li></ul><h4 id="management">Management</h4><ul><li>Established new Ticketing department with 9 year-round staff into Customer Service, Systems / Infrastructure and Entry Experience divisions.</li><li>Designed and delivered ticketing, queuing, access control and reporting solution for expansion into a 2-day convention at Rosehill Gardens in August 2014, with over 13,000 attendees. Worked closely with in-house IT and Marketing departments in delivery.</li><li>Trained, rostered and supervised senior staff and teams of up to 75 on-the-day volunteers in ticketing, ushering, and staffing information desks.</li><li>Drafted internal documents including strategic plans and procedural documentation.</li><li>Advised on the combining of Ticketing and Information sections into a single Customer Service department, and realigning human resources department to People and Culture.</li><li>Responded promptly to general and ticketing enquiries by email throughout the year.</li></ul><h3 id="ag-public-art"><a target="_blank" href="https://agpublicart.com.au">AG Public Art</a></h3><p>Industrial design consultancy specialising in delivering public art and custom fabrication.</p><p><strong>General assistant</strong> (Nov 2011 – Feb 2017)</p><ul><li>Provided timely research and office support to director and industrial designers.</li><li>Prepared successful tenders for local government public art contracts.</li><li>Migrated and refreshed website using a modern content management system (CMS).</li><li>Wrote and refined procedural documentation for office and client use.</li></ul><h2 id="education">Education</h2><h3 id="university-of-sydney"><a target="_blank" href="https://sydney.edu.au">University of Sydney</a></h3><p><strong>Bachelor of Science</strong> (Aug 2021)</p><ul><li>Biology major, with electives in teaching secondary science.</li><li><strong>Scholarships:</strong> University of Sydney Access Scholarship, Githa Connolly Bequest.</li></ul><h3 id="lifeline-australia"><a target="_blank" href="https://lifeline.org.au">Lifeline Australia</a></h3><p><strong>CHCSS00113	Crisis Support Skill Set</strong> (Jun 2021)<br>
Units reflect industry requirements for providing support to people in crisis.</p><ul><li>CHCCCS003	Increase the safety of individuals at risk of suicide</li><li>CHCCCS019		Recognise and respond to crisis situations</li><li>CHCCCS028	Provide client-centred support to people in crisis</li></ul><p><strong>Other units</strong></p><ul><li>CHCDFV001	Recognise and respond appropriately to domestic and family violence (Sep 2021)</li></ul><h3 id="james-ruse-agricultural-high-school"><a target="_blank" href="https://jamesruse-h.schools.nsw.gov.au">James Ruse Agricultural High School</a></h3><p><strong>Higher School Certificate (NSW)</strong> (2011)</p><hr><p><code>Last updated 2021-12-29</code></p>